When you're excited, you can't just go and hit someone.
You can't just go and hit someone.
You have to use your mental state to sacrifice your cheeks.
A man who thinks he's rich,
a man over 70,
you can be who you want and be as large as the man.
Talk about a brushing machine.
Is about 40 hahaha
Ten yen is enough.
Ten yen.
You can hit anywhere.
Don't do anything too much.
Don't hit the front of the face.
There are eyes.
One side.
The head is important.
Here is 30 yen.
The back of the foot is 3 yen.
You can't hit the back of the foot.
I'll give you a side.
What are you saying?
I need you!
You think I need a car driver?
Even if I Use the ride on the bridge,
I can't hit the bridge.
If you don't make 30 yen's a cap,
you can't either.
If it's less,
I must get that car!
People think their hearts are empty.
You can't say that.
You are right where the money is.
Yet, you are being treated like a son.
What's the matter?
It hurts.
You're hitting me like it hurts.
I'll give you 10,000 yen.
I'll give you 20,000 yen.
I'll give you two more.
It hurts.
It's not easy to run a business.
I'm not doing business.
I'm not calm.
Hello, I'm Butareya.
Hello.
I'm a young gentleman.
I'm not a normal woman.
I'm Butareya.
Hello.
I'll give you 10,000 yen.
I'm a gentleman.
Thank you.
Don't make a big face.
You're so kind.
You're a driver.
You're a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
What?
You're a gentleman.
I'll give you 10,000 yen.